hi I'm Ilana and you're watching Zola
news last year via moto told IGN the
development teams were debating whether
to make a Link to the Past sequel or
remake or do that for Majora's Mask
obviously we know which one was
triumphant between those two with a link
to the past two on its way but what does
that mean for Majora's Mask IGN caught
up with Miyamoto yet again to ask your
fans can still expect this remake to
ever happen Miyamoto's response was
brief but positive and he said well
they're still in my memory this seems to
suggest that he is still considering
those fans at our possibility of
developing the game or maybe development
is already under the way i'm personally
pretty sure they'll get around to it but
the question is when and for the
australians amongst us new super Luigi u
is available on the odds EE shop at 2995
at the moment the game actually retails
at fifty nine nine five years so 2995 is
a pretty good deal you will need either
an up-to-date version of New Super Mario
Bros you install on your way you to
download it or have the disk in the
drive if you buy the game at retail you
do not need new super mario bros you
there's also a japanese deal going on
moment that starts today and ends on the
tenth of july if you load up on to your
account either 5,000 yen or 10,000 yen
nintendo will give you an extra ten
percent credit so you don't have to
spend it straight away but you do still
get the extra credit if you do it right
now obviously this is only for Japanese
people right now but hopefully they
might spread that deal out of it and
it's no secret that the wii u hasn't
sold all that well but nintendo have
actually come out and said that they are
to blame the CEO of nintendo came forth
in an interview and said we relaxed our
marketing efforts so the consumers today
still cannot understand what's so good
and unique
out the wii u because we're always
trying to be unique it takes some
energies on outside to make people
understand the real attractions about
whatever we're doing he continued by
saying i do not think we should become
too pessimistic about the current
situation with the wii u I think we
should pour that time and energy into
our development efforts so eventually we
can encourage third-party publishers to
want to support Nintendo of course a
price cut would probably help the Wii U
but they said that's very unlikely
because it's not an easy option to take
and that's it for this week everyone I'm
Alana Pierce you stay classy Hyrule